docs: added a new document for available languages (#5667)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/docs/content/user-guide/tips/languages.md

# Admin Languages

> Find in this documentation the full list of available languages in the Admin, both official and by the community.

Reviewer: nit(non-blocking): 
```suggestion
Medusa Admin comes with multi-language support. This document covers the complete list of available languages, both official and by the community.
```
